Concordium mobile shielding removal releases (#1036)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/release-notes/release-notes-lp.rst

|mw-gen2| for Android
---------------------

    June 26, 2024

>     Version 1.6.0 removed shielding. You can still enable and see your shielded balance and history, but to unshield the funds |cryptox| must be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Version 1.6.0 removes shielding. You can still see your shielded balance and history, but to unshield the funds |cryptox| must be used.
```
I'm not quite sure what it means to "enable" your shielded balance.

Author: In order to see the shielded balance, you have to go to the account settings and enable it from there.

>     Also fixed sending WalletConnect transaction with 0 energy if its payload is too large.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This version also fixes sending WalletConnect transaction with 0 energy if its payload is too large.
```

|mw-gen1| for Android
---------------------

    June 26, 2024

>     Version 3.3.0 removes shielding. You can still enable and see your shielded balance and history, but to unshield the funds |cryptox| must be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Version 3.3.0 removes shielding. You can still see your shielded balance and history, but to unshield the funds |cryptox| must be used.
```
